Bean-Counter

This is a collection of scripts useful for the anal-retentive teacher grading students in a very particular way.

hwtotal totals the scores in the homework directory and stores them in cumulative.yaml. However you may want to convert the scores to percentages of an ideal score. hwtotal doesn't do this.

grades totals subscores for classwork, homework and exams and prints a report.

checkbeans identifies the sources of the classwork score that a student gets by virtue of being a member of a group and getting a group score.

beans adds points that a group has accumulated and are being processed, for addition to the group record.

classwork totals scores that students have gained either individually or as members of groups over the weeks of the course. The average score per week is 80/number of weeks, so the total average is 80.

cumulative. How is this different than hwtotal?

The README is used to introduce the module and provide instructions on
how to install the module, any machine dependencies it may have (for
example C compilers and installed libraries) and any other information
that should be provided before the module is installed.

A README file is required for CPAN modules since CPAN extracts the README
file from a module distribution so that people browsing the archive
can use it get an idea of the modules uses. It is usually a good idea
to provide version information here so that people can decide whether
fixes for the module are worth downloading.

INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

    perl Build.PL
    ./Build
    ./Build test
    ./Build install


SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

After installing, you can find documentation for this module with the perldoc command.

    perldoc Bean::Counter

You can also look for information at:

    Search CPAN
        http://search.cpan.org/dist/Bean-Counter

    CPAN Request Tracker:
        http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=Bean-Counter

    AnnoCPAN, annotated CPAN documentation:
        http://annocpan.org/dist/Bean-Counter

    CPAN Ratings:
        http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Bean-Counter

COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2006 Dr Bean

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.
